You must begin by selecting "Dashboard"
under the "My Work" section to view all
the cases that have been assigned
to you under the "My cases" section.
At the bottom of the cases
section, you can view the total
number of cases assigned to you.
Case intakes are split nationally
and then by region.
If there are no assigned
cases in your "My Cases",
you must assign cases to yourself
by selecting "Case Intakes" and then
selecting the active cases for
your region in the drop-down menu
under "My Cases" and then select
the oldest file first.
Once you've selected a case and it is open,
select the "target" icon above
"Active" and enter your name in the
"confirm assignment of Case Intake"
field and then select, "Next Stage."
This will assign the case to your
workload and you can now contact the client!
Important: Before you action the
request, return to your "My Cases"
list to avoid someone else trying
to grab this case before you can.
This also ensures you are assigning the
case to yourself and not to someone else.